# corona-Help-Finder
The platfom is made to help people in various states of India to find help, Labs and hospitals that test for Corona or covid19 virus, check the fake news that's in circulation about the virus, donate in a decentralized way and find tips on being safe.
Features:
1. Help Finder: This tool helps people find Government recognized Hospitals and Clinics that are currently doing tests for Coronavirus (Covid19). This tool is available on the first page of the platform so users can find it easily. Users just have to select there State and click on the submit button a new page will appear that will show them Government recognized Hospitals and Clinics near them with Maps, Contact Number and all other information. The best part is that this data is managed in real-time so whenever a new center is added it automatically appears in the results.
2. FakeCheck: I am collecting all the fake news and WhatsApp forward that is circulating right now, this tool help people search if the information they got is fake or real. there is a simple search bar where users can copy paste the WhatsApp forward and hit submit if the information is fake it will return a it as fake. If the fake message is not in the database it will not return any result but it will save the user’s query and am using TensorFlow to analyze scrape the web to find articles marking that query as fake. If a certain number of article marks the search as fake tensor flow adds that query to the database as a fake message.
3. Decentralized Donations: This feature is inspired from the concepts of blockchain. This is a revolutionary way to donate, this donate feature is a decentralized, distributed and publicize system.
If you donate to an organizations you will have full knowledge of how they are spending your money by looking at their WORK. You can choose an organization to donate by looking at their previous WORK. 
4. The Dashboard: This tool helps people track the virus and destruction it is doing in real-time, it place all the data and stats on a Map. Users can click anywhere in the map to get stats and information such as confirmed cases, recovered cases, death cases etc. of that particular region.
